I have such a good car
Two beautiful women have something to eat
Our oysters and kidneys
That's this one.
Lord God
From today onwards
You are the lord of our building temple
The ninth brother of the right guardian
Subordinate Left Law Protector Style
Let demolition
Hey
Hey, get up, get up
Oh, I see.
You are shooting short videos, right?
Whoops, I'm busy.
Ouch I fuck my kidney
What to do
Ouch, I'm busy.
Don't mess with my stuff, I have surveillance here
Brother Jiu can really pretend to be the Lord God
Did you deceive those who rebelled?
God has been missing for many years
Because I've been searching for years without a word
According to the four words left by the Lord God in the temple
God is only possible in Yancheng
Shenqi Yancheng
Exactly.
Only the words Shenqi Yancheng were left on the stone pillars of the temple
Now we have traveled all over Yancheng
Only he looks the same as the Lord God
If he cannot replace the Lord God
So you
I will even destroy the entire temple
So he
Is our only hope
Whose nice family orders so many kidneys at night?
Busy at night
Mr. Lu, do you like the way people look?
You are so tempting
You look like this.
Haven't you seen that trash yet?
What is he?
Why show him
Aren't you afraid of being discovered by him?
What if his trash found it?
Wait until after supper
I'll clean up for him, haha, hello.
Takeout arrived
The door is open, come in by yourself
People can't wait
Chen Honghong